Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-dropIndexes.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::dropIndexes()
==================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Drop all indexes in a MongoDB collection except the `_id` index using the `dropIndexes()` method, with options for comments, time limits, and write concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Drop all indexes in a MongoDB collection except the `_id` index with the MongoDB PHP Library, with options for comments, time limits, and write concerns.
```
